Code for Synthetic Info Bottleneck method (#73)
amzn/xfer: synthetic_info_bottleneck/README.md

which is used in our ICLR 2020 paper 
[Empirical Bayes Transductive Meta-Learning with Synthetic Gradients](https://openreview.net/forum?id=Hkg-xgrYvH).

If our code is helpful for your research, please consider citing: 
``` Bash
@inproceedings{
    Hu2020Empirical,
    title={Empirical Bayes Transductive Meta-Learning with Synthetic Gradients},
    author={Shell Xu Hu and Pablo Garcia Moreno and Yang Xiao and Xi Shen and Guillaume Obozinski and Neil Lawrence and Andreas Damianou},
    booktitle={International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR)},
    year={2020},
    url={https://openreview.net/forum?id=Hkg-xgrYvH}
}
```

## Authors of the code
[Shell Xu Hu](http://hushell.github.io/), [Xi Shen](https://xishen0220.github.io/) and [Yang Xiao](https://youngxiao13.github.io/)

## Dependencies
The code is tested under **Pytorch > 1.0 + Python 3.6** environment with extra packages:
``` Bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## How to use the code on Mini-ImageNet?
### **Step 0**: Download Mini-ImageNet dataset

``` Bash
cd data
bash download_miniimagenet.sh 
cd ..
```

### **Step 1** (optional): train a WRN-28-10 feature network (aka backbone)

> The weights of the feature network is downloaded in step 0, but you may also train from scracth by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weights of the feature network are downloaded in step 0, but you may also train from scratch by running
```
